Savings Account - Open Savings Bank Account Online Instantly
Try our new website for a faster, fresher, and smarter banking experience.
Old
Old Version
New
New Version
Open/Close Website Toggle Widget
Explore the new ICICI Bank website!
Designed for a simple, fast and personalised banking experience.
Explore Now
Personal
NRI
Business
Corporate
Investor Relations
Annual Reports
Investor Presentation
Quarterly Results
Notice
Investor Contact
About Us
ICICI Group Companies
Board of Directors
Media Center
Awards & Recognition
Environment, Social and Governance
Ways to Bank
Digital Banking
Mobile Banking
Internet Banking
iMobile
WhatsApp Banking
Pockets
Ask iPal
ATMs and Branches
India
Gift City India
Bahrain
Canada
China
Germany
Hong Kong
Singapore
UK
US
DIFC-UAE
Europe
Customer Services
Contact Us
Customer Care
Track Applications / Service Requests
New
Form Center
Online Assist
Feedback
Service Requests
Raise a Query
Complaints
FAQs
Report Suspicious Behaviour
Report Unauthorized Transaction
Complaints
logo-image logo-india
Customer Care Number
18001080
Login
Log on to
Internet banking
Personal
NRI Banking
Corporate
Commercial Card
Money2World
Money2India
New User
21
Offers especially for you!
Open an Insta Save Account.
No Paperwork, No Branch Visits, No Hassle!
Open Now
Know More
ICICI Bank Credit Cards
Save more on your everyday expenses.
Get a Credit Card
Know More
ICICI Bank Personal Loans
For your safe, comfortable, and convenient travel needs
Apply Personal Loan
Know More
ICICI Bank Home Loans
The key to your Dream Home, within easy reach
Avail Home Loan Now
Know More
Campus Power - from a dream to a degree, with you at every step.
Solutions for student, parents and institutes.
Know More
Just getting returns on your investment?
Save Tax too, while you build your corpus!
Open NPS Account Now
Know More
Manage all your utility bills, smartly.
Pay bills easily, using Internet Banking.
Pay Know
Know More
ICICI Bank Two-Wheeler Loan
Get your dream bike now!
Get Your Dream Bike
Know More
ICICI Bank FD
Choose certainity during uncertain times.
Invest Now In FD
Know More
ICICI Bank PPF Account
A blessing for wealth creation is here for you!
Open a PPF Account, Now
Know More
Your guide to Personal Finance
A refreshing way to learn all about Personal Finance.
Read Now
All it takes is 5 minutes!
Instant payout on selling shares, with the ICICIdirect Prime Account.
Open an account now
Know More
ICICI Bank Car Loan
Experience a seamless Car Loan process!
Apply Now
Accounts
Savings Account
Salary Account
Get the best from
ICICI Bank.
Open a Savings Account for seamless payments & transactions.
APPLY NOW
Deposits
Fixed Deposit
Recurring Deposit
iWish - Goal Based Savings
View All Deposits
Dream it, achieve it!
FDs offer stable returns for all your dreams.
INVEST IN AN FD
Payments
Money Transfer
UPI
Forex Services
Overdue Loan Payment
Credit Card Bill Payment
Tax Payment
Bill Payments & Recharges
Contactless Payments
E-wallet
FastTag
Shop without your wallet!
Use your mobile
Open the iMobile app
Click on ‘Scan any QR’
Scan & Pay instantly!
T&Cs.
Use iMobile
Cards
Credit Cards
Manage Standing Instructions
Mandate Hub FAQ's
Mandate Hub User Guide
Debit Cards
Upgrade Debit Card
Manage Standing Instructions
Mandate Hub FAQ's
Mandate Hub User Guide
Forex Cards
Choose your card
Benefits of Forex card
FAQ's
Prepaid Cards
Transit Cards
Commercial Cards
Loan on Credit Card
Explore Now to Elevate Your Financial Journey
Refresh your finances with a fulfilling credit card from ICICI Bank.
Explore Now
Loans
Personal Loan
Home Loans
Car Loan
Two Wheeler Loan
Education Loan
Gold Loan
Loans against Securities
Loan against Shares
Loan against Mutual Funds
Loan against Property
Agri & Rural Loans
Smart Loans
View All Loans
Home Loans
Just 5 simple steps to realising your dream home with ICICI Bank Express Home Loans. T&C apply.
Apply Now
Investments
Mutual Funds (SIP)
3-in-1 Account (Invest in stocks)
Demat Account
Apply for IPOs
Bonds
National Pension System
Public Provident Fund
Gold Monetisation Scheme
Government Schemes
Manage Personal Finance
View All Investments
Mutual Funds (SIP)
Choose from thousands of schemes from leading fund houses and invest in an SIP instantly to start your wealth creation journey with ICICI Bank.
Invest Now
Insurance
Life Insurance
Health Insurance
Vehicle Insurance/ Motor Insurance
Travel Insurance
Government Schemes
View All Insurances
Life Insurance
With our affordable and flexible term plan, ensure your family is financially secured at different stages of life.
Insure Your Loved Ones
iShop
Special Services
Private Banking
Wealth Management
Family 360° Banking
Campus Power
Retirement Planning
Senior Citizen Solutions
An exclusive invite!
Your family and you can enjoy Offers across Loans, Cards, Demat & more with our Privilege Banking Programme. Visit your nearest branch to enrol today. T&Cs.
Apply Now
Knowledge Hub
Videos (iPlay)
Blogs (The Orange Hub)
Calculators
Life Stages
NRI Edge (NEW Launch)
Home Buyers Guide
Speak of the Week
NRI Edge
A one-stop knowledge hub for NRI banking and finance in India. T&Cs.
Visit Now
Home
Personal Banking
Accounts
Savings Account
ORANGE HUB
PLAN RETIREMENT
DIY Stack
GET A CALL BACK
Want us to help you with anything?
Request a Call back
This field is required
Only alphabetes are allowed
This field is required
Only alphabetes are allowed
Please enter valid number
Please enter valid email
Auto Loan
Personal Loan
Home Loan
Credit Card
Insta SIP
Mutual Funds
Money Coach
ELSS
Savings Account
Two Wheeler Loan
Please select product type
Please enter valid pincode
Submit
Thank you for your request.
Your reference number is
CRM
Our executive will contact you shortly
Savings Account
INTEREST RATE
SAVINGS ACCOUNT INTEREST CALCULATOR
Insurance cover
DOCUMENTS REQUIRED
More
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
FAQS
MAB CALCULATOR
Want us to help you with anything?
Request a Call back
This field is required
Only alphabetes are allowed
This field is required
Only alphabetes are allowed
Select
Please select a country
Please enter valid number
Please enter valid email
Please select product
type
Please select product
type
Please enter valid pincode
Thank you for your request.
Your reference number is
CRM 786578956
Our executive will contact you shortly
Sorry! Please check back in a few minutes as an error has occurred.
India's Most Comprehensive
3-in-1 Account
(Savings + Demat + Trading)
Be investment ready with Savings, Demat & Trading Account
Live your dreams with a exclusive Loan and instant disbursal
Instant payment & fund transfer solutions at your fingertips
Spending just got easier with ICICI Bank Credit Card
Explore offers of your choice
Apply Now
Combined Power of Saving & Investing with 3-in-1 Account
Your Savings Account seamlessly integrated with a Demat & Trading Account
Invest in stocks, Mutual Funds & IPOs easily through the iMobile app
Complimentary research recommendations
Choose pricing plans based on your trading needs
iAlerts for investor protection
Track portfolios of up to 10 family members at one place
Invest and track portfolios through iMobile app.
Explore
More
Open Savings Accounts For You & Your family
Family 360° banking
Kids
Student
Senior Citizens
Family 360° Banking
Family 360° Banking
Your family’s lifelong banking companion!
Flexibility to maintain balance collectively across Personal, Business and Family Accounts
Extend programme benefits to your family members.
Premium Credit Card, Travel Card & Debit Card
Special pricing benefits on Loans, Remittances and Demat Accounts
Single Relationship Manager for all banking requirements
Tailored solutions for kids and senior citizens
Air Accidental Death Insurance of ₹40 lakh and Personal Accidental Death Insurance of ₹10 lakh
KNOW MORE
Open account
Wealth Management Savings Account
Wealth Savings
Account
Dedicated Relationship Manager and Service Relationship Manager supported by a team of experts for investments and Business Banking
Mastercard World Debit Card with 2 complimentary airport lounge accesses
Air Accident Insurance of ₹1 crore and Personal Accident Insurance of ₹12 lakh
No minimum balance requirement.
Customers maintaining a ‘Customer Relationship Value’ of minimum ₹50 lakh are eligible for this Account.
KNOW MORE
Open account
Private Banking Savings Account
Private Banking Savings Account
Complimentary Visa Infinite Debit Card with 6 airport lounge accesses per quarter
Dedicated team of Relationship Manager, Service Manager and Product Specialist
Priority assistance through our Customer Care number - 1800 1080
Emeralde Credit Card with unlimited airport spa & lounge access, golf rounds and much more
Air Accidental Death Insurance of ₹3 Cr and Personal Accidental Death Insurance of ₹15 lakh
Extend benefits to your family with
Family Banking
Know more
Digital Banking Solutions
iMobile App
Internet Banking
01.
Seamless transfer of money anytime, anywhere
02.
Pay bills from the comfort of your home
03.
Manage Credit Card limits, block/unblock cards, change PIN and more
04.
Check your exclusive loan offers and get instant sanctions
05.
Apply, track and manage your investments
01.
Real-time access to all your accounts
02.
Feature-rich dashboard with a seamless user interface for convenient banking
03.
Track and manage all your finances anytime, anywhere
04.
Customisable dashboard for setting up shortcuts for frequently used features
05.
Targeted features for your unique requirements
06.
Set your own transaction limit and experience an added level of security
Eligibility and Documents Required for Opening a Savings Account Online
Documentation & Eligibility
PAN Card and Aadhaar Card for the account opening process
Indian resident of any age group*
Click here
to view all the documents required
*Minor Accounts opened with Guardian consent
Schedule of Charges
Learn In Detail about
Service Charges for Savings Account
Read More
Savings Account Related Videos
Fake Numbers. Real Dangers!
1 Year Ago
Share
Pay to any mobile number
1 Year Ago
Share
Scan and pay any QR code
1 Year Ago
Share
Pay other Bank credit card bill using iMobile App
1 Year Ago
Share
How to avail a Exclusive Personal Loan with iMobile App
1 Year Ago
Share
Savings Account Blogs
Difference Between CDSL and NSDL
1 Month Ago
Share
Copy
How to Open a Savings Bank Account Online?
2 Months Ago
Share
Copy
What is 50-30-20 Rule? Budgeting Basics
4 Months Ago
Share
Copy
How to transfer a Savings Account to another branch? - ICICI Bank
4 Months Ago
Share
Copy
What is a Nominee in a Bank? And it’s Benefits
9 Months Ago
Share
Copy
Savings Account FAQs
Expand All
|
Collapse All
What is a Savings Account?
A Savings Account is a fundamental financial product offered by ICICI Bank, designed to help individuals save and grow their money. With ICICI Bank Savings Account, customers can experience the convenience of easy access to their funds,
competitive interest rates
and a range of Digital Banking services. Start your journey towards saving money with ICICI Bank Savings Account today.
What are the interest rates for ICICI Bank Savings Account?
ICICI Bank ensures competitive returns on your deposited funds. With a focus on financial growth and increased savings, we offer attractive interest rates from 2.5%. By opening a Savings Account with ICICI Bank, you can enjoy the benefits of reliable and secure banking.
What is the minimum balance required to be maintained in ICICI Bank Savings Account?
ICICI Bank Savings Account provides an easy way to save money and offers a fixed rate of interest. The minimum balance required to be maintained in an ICICI Bank Savings Account varies as per the Account variant.
How is the Minimum Monthly Average Balance (MAB) calculated?
The Monthly Average Balance (MAB) is calculated on a simple average of EOD balances for a calendar month. The MAB is calculated by adding the closing ledger balance of the account of each day from the start of the month to the end of the month. Then the total sum is divided by the number of days in that month.
Can I get a chequebook after opening a Savings Account?
Your chequebook will be issued only upon request after you have successfully completed your KYC verification. You can request for a chequebook by logging in to ICICI Bank Internet Banking or the iMobile App.
iMobile App:
Go to Services > Chequebook Services > Issue Chequebook
Internet Banking:
Go to Bank Accounts > Accounts > Chequebook request
Is PAN Card mandatory to open a Savings Account?
Yes. PAN Card is mandatory to open your ICICI Bank Savings Account.
Will I receive a Debit Card after opening a Savings Account?
Yes. You will receive a
Debit Card
at your registered address once your account is successfully opened.
How do I register for Internet Banking and Mobile Banking services?
Once your Savings Account is successfully opened, you can log in to the iMobile App, set your 4-digit passcode and start exploring. For Internet Banking, you can generate your password with the User ID which was provided to you after opening the Savings Account.
How to update Mobile Number in my ICICI Bank Savings Account?
You can update Mobile Number through any of the following modes:
ICICI Bank Branch:
Visit any ICICI Bank Branch along with your original photo ID proof. Once the request is placed, your mobile number will be updated in 2 working days. To locate the nearest ICICI Bank Branch, visit
https://maps.icicibank.com/mobile
We have discontinued mobile number registration/ de-registration/ modification through our Customer Care and Internet Banking due to security reasons.
How to generate Internet Banking password for my Savings Account?
You will be able to place a request for the generation of Internet Banking Password through any of the following modes:
Internet Banking:
You can generate your password at www.icicibank.com > Click on ‘Internet Banking’ (Bottom of the page) > Get started > I want my Password
Customer Care:
You may place a request by calling our Customer Care between 7:00 a.m. and 9:00 p.m. from your registered mobile number.
ICICI Bank Branch:
Visit any ICICI Bank Branch along with original photo ID proof. To locate the nearest ICICI Bank Branch, visit
https://maps.icicibank.com/mobile
What is Savings Account Portability?
You can request to transfer your Savings Account from one ICICI Bank Branch to another through Internet Banking, iMobile App, Customer Care or by submitting a written request at any ICICI Bank Branch.
What is FATCA declaration?
FATCA stands for Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. As per regulatory guidelines, all banks have to collect FATCA from every customer who opens a Savings Account. FATCA came into being to combat tax evasion and to ensure strict adherence to tax rules. Its main objective is to identify and prevent offshore tax avoidance by the US citizens or residents.
How do I access my Virtual Debit Card on the iMobile App?
Click ‘Debit Card’ on the Home Page
Get the details of your Virtual Debit Card
Select your Card and click on ‘Manage All Services’.
Why do I have to add a nominee for my Savings account?
It is important to add a nominee for all your assets so that the assets reach the right person in case of your death. The nominee you select must be a reliable person who can take care of the asset. Below are the rights of the nominee:
He / She has no right over your money unless specified in the will
A Nominee is a mere custodian
He / She is the contact person for the account, in case the account holder is not reachable or in event of the account holder’s death
The nominee directs the court on how to go about the account in case of the account holder’s demise
At the time of claiming the deposit, the nominee will have to provide identification proof
If the nominee is a minor, the guardian will sign on his/her behalf. We require the nominee’s and the guardian’s name, address and photograph.
What is the process to convert a minor Savings account to a major Savings account?
Visit any ICICI Bank Branch with the originals and copies of the following documents to make this transition seamless:
Identity/Address proof: Valid Passport/ Aadhaar Card/ Driving Licence/ Voter ID/ NREGA job card
Recent passport size colour photograph
PAN Card/ Form 60
What is a Dormant Account?
As per regulatory guidelines, if an account remains inoperative for more than 2 years without any transactions carried out by the customer, it will be classified as a ‘Dormant’ Account.
The following signs indicate that your account is dormant:
You are unable to transact at ATMs or through Internet Banking and Phone Banking
You are unable to initiate requests to change important account details such as residential address, e-mail ID and contact number
You are unable to renew ATM Card/ Debit Card
You are unable to get chequebooks/ deliverables issued.
Here is how you can reactivate your dormant account:
Step 1:
Visit any ICICI Bank Branch and submit the duly filled and signed Re-KYC form
Step 2:
Provide your original address proof (Voter ID/ Driving Licence / Valid Passport / NREGA Job Card/ National Population Register (NPR) Smart Card/ Aadhaar Card) along with original PAN Card or Form 60
Step 3:
Initiate a transaction to activate your account.
How can I open a Savings Account online?
Here’s how to apply for a Savings Account online with ICICI Bank:
On the ICICI Bank website, visit the Savings Account opening section and click on ‘Open a Savings Account’.
On the next screen, enter your details like your name, PAN, pincode and mobile number.
You will receive an OTP on your registered number. Enter it, agree to the disclaimer and click on ‘Apply Now’.
Connect with the ICICI Bank representative who contacts you.
An ICICI Bank representative will connect with you by phone, email, SMS or WhatsApp to assist you in opening your Savings Account.
You can also open a Savings Account offline by visiting any ICICI Bank Branch. Simply fill out the application form, submit the required documents and your Account will be opened.
What are the documents required to open a Savings Account online?
To open a Savings Account as a resident individual, you need to provide valid documents for both proof of identity and proof of address. The accepted documents include:
Valid Passport
Aadhaar Card
Valid Permanent Driving License
Voter ID Card
NREGA Job Card (duly signed by a government officer)
Letter from the National Population Register.
Additionally, a Savings Account Opening Form is required for both individual and joint Accounts. Please note that a PAN Card issued in India is no longer considered a valid identity proof for Account opening.
Can I open a Joint Savings Account online?
You need to visit an ICICI Bank Branch in person to open a Joint Savings Account. Both Account holders must provide their KYC details and documents, including PAN Card and Aadhaar Card and complete the verification process.
How do I know if my online Savings Account has been successfully opened?
Once your Account is successfully opened, the Bank will send a confirmation e-mail or SMS with your Account Number, Customer ID and login details.
What are the fees associated with an online Savings Account?
While there is no fee for opening an online Savings Account with ICICI Bank, certain service charges are applicable as per the Account type. These charges are shared with customers during the Account opening process at the branch. Customers can also refer to the ICICI Bank website for detailed information:
Can I transfer funds online after opening a Savings Account?
Yes, once your Savings Account is activated, you can easily transfer funds through Internet Banking or the iMobile app, using NEFT, IMPS, RTGS and UPI. Ensure that Internet Banking or the iMobile app is set up and your Debit Card is activated to enable seamless transactions.
How to link my online Savings Account to UPI or other payment apps?
You can link your Savings Account to UPI by registering through the iMobile app. Here are the steps:
Open the iMobile app on your phone.
Log in and tap on ‘BHIM UPI’.
Go to the ‘My Profile’ section.
Tap on ‘Create New VPA’.
Enter your desired VPA (i.e. UPI ID) and check availability.
Link it to your ICICI Bank or any other bank account.
Submit to create your UPI ID.
View all FAQs
VIEW MORE
Scroll To Top
About Us
Awards & Recognition
Media Center
Investor Relations
Overview
Tools & Calculators
Fixed Deposit Calculator
Personal Loan EMI Calculator
Home Loan EMI Calculator
Car Loan EMI Calculator
Mutual Fund Calculator
SIP Calculator
Education Loan EMI Calculator
Retirement Calculator
Two Wheeler Loan EMI Calculator
NPS Calculator
PPF Calculator
Regulatory Information
Safe Banking
RBI Awareness Campaign
RBI: Beware of Fictitious Offers
RBI Kehta Hai
Regulatory Disclosure Section
Customer Literature on NPAs and SMAs
Regulatory Disclosure Section 2025
RBI-UDGAM Portal (Unclaimed Deposits Gateway to Access Information)
Customer Service
Contact Us
Customer Care
Report Unauthorized Transactions
Form Center
Raise a Service Request
Report Suspicious Activities
Complaints and Grievance Redressal
Complaint Form
Central Know Your Customer (CKYC)
List of Unclaimed Accounts
Inoperative/Dormant Accounts
Popular Products & Services
Savings Account
Current Account
Fixed Deposit
Money Transfer
Credit Cards
Personal Loan
Home Loan
Car Loan
Mutual Fund
Debt Management Services
Education Loan
Two Wheeler Loan
FASTAG
National Pension System
Public Provident Fund
Loan on Credit Card
Loan Against Property
Ways to Bank
Digital Banking
Mobile Banking
Internet Banking
iMobile
WhatsApp Banking
Pockets
Ask iPal
ATMs and Branches
ICICI Bank Group Websites
ICICI Foundation
ICICI Lombard General Insurance
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
ICICI Prudential AMC
ICICI Venture
ICICI Direct
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Ltd
ICICI Home Finance
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited
Explore
Interest Rates
Forex Rates
Service Charges and Fees
Account Activation Process
Important Information Related to Digital Lending
Other
Career Opportunities
Do Not Call Registry
Customer Service Policies
Business Conduct and Ethics
Use of Unparliamentary Language by Customers
Fair Practice Code for Lenders
Multilingual Disclaimer
Sitemap
Customer Care
1800 1080
1800 1080
Get Social
Install iMobile
ICICI Bank Ltd is registered with
DICGC
Terms and conditions
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Copyright 2025. All Rights Reserved
Your cookie settings
These cookies are essential for you to browse the website and use its features. These cookies are essential for website to function and make sure you are able to browse seamlessly. They are used for faster loading and effective representation of information on it, enabling our site to function as intended.
These cookies are used to recognise you when you return to the site. This enables us to remember your preferences and also let us monitor how our website is performing. These cookies collect information, such as, number of visitors on the website, how visitors were directed to the website and the pages they have visited. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone. If you do not allow performance cookies then some or all areas of website may not function properly.
Targeting cookies helps in providing a more personalized experience. The intention is to display offers that are relevant and engaging for the user.
Confirm your settings
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to improve and personalize your browsing experience. Click Accept to continue else click Manage to change your preferences. By continuing to browse this website, you allow the use of mandatory cookies.
Manage
OK