Open 3-in-1 Account: Online Trading, Demat & Banking
Try our new website for a faster, fresher, and smarter banking experience.
Old
Old Version
New
New Version
Open/Close Website Toggle Widget
Explore the new ICICI Bank website!
Designed for a simple, fast and personalised banking experience.
Explore Now
Personal
NRI
Business
Corporate
Investor Relations
Annual Reports
Investor Presentation
Quarterly Results
Notice
Investor Contact
About Us
ICICI Group Companies
Board of Directors
Media Center
Awards & Recognition
Environment, Social and Governance
Ways to Bank
Digital Banking
Mobile Banking
Internet Banking
iMobile
WhatsApp Banking
Pockets
Ask iPal
ATMs and Branches
India
Gift City India
Bahrain
Canada
China
Germany
Hong Kong
Singapore
UK
US
DIFC-UAE
Europe
Customer Services
Contact Us
Customer Care
Track Applications / Service Requests
New
Form Center
Online Assist
Feedback
Service Requests
Raise a Query
Complaints
FAQs
Report Suspicious Behaviour
Report Unauthorized Transaction
Complaints
logo-image logo-india
Customer Care Number
18001080
Login
Log on to
Internet banking
Personal
NRI Banking
Corporate
Commercial Card
Money2World
Money2India
New User
21
Offers especially for you!
Open an Insta Save Account.
No Paperwork, No Branch Visits, No Hassle!
Open Now
Know More
ICICI Bank Credit Cards
Save more on your everyday expenses.
Get a Credit Card
Know More
ICICI Bank Personal Loans
For your safe, comfortable, and convenient travel needs
Apply Personal Loan
Know More
ICICI Bank Home Loans
The key to your Dream Home, within easy reach
Avail Home Loan Now
Know More
Campus Power - from a dream to a degree, with you at every step.
Solutions for student, parents and institutes.
Know More
Just getting returns on your investment?
Save Tax too, while you build your corpus!
Open NPS Account Now
Know More
Manage all your utility bills, smartly.
Pay bills easily, using Internet Banking.
Pay Know
Know More
ICICI Bank Two-Wheeler Loan
Get your dream bike now!
Get Your Dream Bike
Know More
ICICI Bank FD
Choose certainity during uncertain times.
Invest Now In FD
Know More
ICICI Bank PPF Account
A blessing for wealth creation is here for you!
Open a PPF Account, Now
Know More
Your guide to Personal Finance
A refreshing way to learn all about Personal Finance.
Read Now
All it takes is 5 minutes!
Instant payout on selling shares, with the ICICIdirect Prime Account.
Open an account now
Know More
ICICI Bank Car Loan
Experience a seamless Car Loan process!
Apply Now
Accounts
Savings Account
Salary Account
Get the best from
ICICI Bank.
Open a Savings Account for seamless payments & transactions.
APPLY NOW
Deposits
Fixed Deposit
Recurring Deposit
iWish - Goal Based Savings
View All Deposits
Dream it, achieve it!
FDs offer stable returns for all your dreams.
INVEST IN AN FD
Payments
Money Transfer
UPI
Forex Services
Overdue Loan Payment
Credit Card Bill Payment
Tax Payment
Bill Payments & Recharges
Contactless Payments
E-wallet
FastTag
Shop without your wallet!
Use your mobile
Open the iMobile app
Click on ‘Scan any QR’
Scan & Pay instantly!
T&Cs.
Use iMobile
Cards
Credit Cards
Manage Standing Instructions
Mandate Hub FAQ's
Mandate Hub User Guide
Debit Cards
Upgrade Debit Card
Manage Standing Instructions
Mandate Hub FAQ's
Mandate Hub User Guide
Forex Cards
Choose your card
Benefits of Forex card
FAQ's
Prepaid Cards
Transit Cards
Commercial Cards
Loan on Credit Card
Explore Now to Elevate Your Financial Journey
Refresh your finances with a fulfilling credit card from ICICI Bank.
Explore Now
Loans
Personal Loan
Home Loans
Car Loan
Two Wheeler Loan
Education Loan
Gold Loan
Loans against Securities
Loan against Shares
Loan against Mutual Funds
Loan against Property
Agri & Rural Loans
Smart Loans
View All Loans
Home Loans
Just 5 simple steps to realising your dream home with ICICI Bank Express Home Loans. T&C apply.
Apply Now
Investments
Mutual Funds (SIP)
3-in-1 Account (Invest in stocks)
Demat Account
Apply for IPOs
Bonds
National Pension System
Public Provident Fund
Gold Monetisation Scheme
Government Schemes
Manage Personal Finance
View All Investments
Mutual Funds (SIP)
Choose from thousands of schemes from leading fund houses and invest in an SIP instantly to start your wealth creation journey with ICICI Bank.
Invest Now
Insurance
Life Insurance
Health Insurance
Vehicle Insurance/ Motor Insurance
Travel Insurance
Government Schemes
View All Insurances
Life Insurance
With our affordable and flexible term plan, ensure your family is financially secured at different stages of life.
Insure Your Loved Ones
iShop
Special Services
Private Banking
Wealth Management
Family 360° Banking
Campus Power
Retirement Planning
Senior Citizen Solutions
An exclusive invite!
Your family and you can enjoy Offers across Loans, Cards, Demat & more with our Privilege Banking Programme. Visit your nearest branch to enrol today. T&Cs.
Apply Now
Knowledge Hub
Videos (iPlay)
Blogs (The Orange Hub)
Calculators
Life Stages
NRI Edge (NEW Launch)
Home Buyers Guide
Speak of the Week
NRI Edge
A one-stop knowledge hub for NRI banking and finance in India. T&Cs.
Visit Now
Home
Personal Banking
Investments
3-in-1 Account (Invest in stocks)
ORANGE HUB
PLAN RETIREMENT
DIY Stack
GET A CALL BACK
Want us to help you with anything?
Request a Call back
This field is required
Only alphabetes are allowed
This field is required
Only alphabetes are allowed
Please enter valid number
Please enter valid email
Auto Loan
Personal Loan
Home Loan
Credit Card
Insta SIP
Mutual Funds
Money Coach
ELSS
Savings Account
Two Wheeler Loan
Please select product type
Please enter valid pincode
Submit
Thank you for your request.
Your reference number is
CRM
Our executive will contact you shortly
3-in-1 Account
Want us to help you with anything?
Request a Call back
This field is required
Only alphabetes are allowed
This field is required
Only alphabetes are allowed
Select
Please select a country
Please enter valid number
Please enter valid email
Please select product
type
Please select product
type
Please enter valid pincode
Thank you for your request.
Your reference number is
CRM 786578956
Our executive will contact you shortly
Sorry! Please check back in a few minutes as an error has occurred.
3-in-1 Account
3-in-1 Account (Savings + Demat + Trading)
Trust of 9 million+ customers
Digital, seamless and completely paperless journey
Expert Investment advice and theme-based basket of stocks
Invest in Initial Public Offerings (IPOs)
Zero Account opening charges
Existing Savings Account Customer
New Customer*
*Note:
The online service to open 3-in-1 Account will be available soon for new to bank customers. If you want to open a 3-in-1 account now, please click on the ‘New Customer’ button above and our Bank representative will get in touch with you. For more details, contact Customer Care at 1800 1080
Why Should You Open a 3-in-1 Account?
Instant payout
Instant payout
Get money credited to your account within 5 minutes of selling the shares. Now you don’t have to wait for T+1 working days (where T is the transaction date).
Research recommendations
Research recommendations
Get exclusive recommendations from the expert advisors at ICICIdirect on individual stocks including buy price, target price, stop loss and more, based on research.
Buy now, pay later
Buy now, pay later
Get funds to invest from ICICIdirect and never miss an investment opportunity due to the lack of funds.
Pay less, save more
Pay less, save more
Pay brokerage as low as 0.07% in the delivery segment with ICICIdirect Prime plan.
Steps to Apply for 3-in-1 Account
Existing Savings Account Holder
New to Bank Customers
01.
Validate mobile number and e-mail ID
02.
DigiLocker verification
03.
Choose Trading Preferences and Brokerage Plan
04.
Live photo verification
05.
eSign
06.
Application successfully submitted
Apply Now
01.
Validate mobile number, PAN and Aadhaar
02.
Enter Details
03.
Choose Trading Preferences and Brokerage Plan
04.
Complete Video KYC
05.
eSign
06.
Application successfully submitted
Apply Now
Note:
The online service to open 3-in-1 Account will be available soon for new to bank customers. If you want to open a 3-in-1 account now, please click on the ‘New Customer’ button above and our Bank representative will get in touch with you. For more details, contact Customer Care at 1800 1080
Brokerage Plan
Prime Plan
Reduce your brokerage and receive instant cash in your account on selling shares along with access to exclusive research with the Prime plan.
Prime plan starting at ₹ 299.
Know More
iValue Plan
This plan is exclusively for Traders. Demat Annual Maintenance Charges (AMC) at ₹ 300, available only for iValue subscribers. Flat ₹ 20 per order for Futures, Equity Intraday and Option trades.
Avail this plan at ₹ 299 for a lifetime!
Know More
Unique Features to Assist You With Trading
One Click
Equity
Margin Funding
Advanced Features/ Tools
Experience convenience with ‘One Click Equity’
Diversify your investments in theme-based baskets of stocks and Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), handpicked by our Research Team
Invest in, monitor and exit Equity portfolios conveniently in a single click
Compare the performance of your portfolios against the benchmarks, on a real-time basis
No lock-in period. Invest further or exit portfolios with ease
Enjoy the flexibility of lump sum or SIP investment mode, as per your preference.
Buy more with Margin Funding
Buy stocks with Pay Later Margin Trading Funding (MTF) facility
Avail the facility at nominal interest rates starting at %* with ICICIdirect Prime plan
*Interest rates are subject to change
Advanced Features/ Tools
Good Till Triggered (GTT) orders - A trigger-based order placement feature, which allows you to buy or sell stocks at your specified price with an order validity of days. With GTT requests, both ‘Stop loss’ and ‘Target’ trigger price conditions can be set simultaneously
Flash Trade - Simplified chart-based F&O Trading with up/down buttons. Single screen to track, trade & exit @ ₹ per order
Execution algorithms - A process of executing orders using an automated programmed set of instructions with various parameters like time, price, volume etc. or combinations of these parameters
Smart stock alerts
– Get updates of your portfolio and stocks at all times.
Products and Services
Stocks
Cash:
You can buy and sell stocks from the online securities platform with the conventional method of buying, with
% cash at the time of purchase.
Systematic Equity Plan (SEP):
SEP helps you avoid timing the stock market and invest in a disciplined manner. It averages the cost of investments with small investments happening at intervals. You can invest in Stocks, Gold and Index exchange-traded funds through this route.
Futures and Options
Futures:
Get higher exposure to hedge your cash transactions and derivatives transactions
Future Plus:
Take Intraday buy/sell position in the Futures contract and square it off before the market closes
Options:
Trade in index and stock contracts, while limiting your downside
Shares as margin:
Pledge your shares online and get additional limits to trade in Futures & Options (F&O).
Commodities
You can trade on the commodities market all weekdays. However, the market is closed on Saturdays, Sundays and holidays earmarked by the Exchange. In India, the timing of the market depends on the type of commodities that you are planning to trade in.
Non-Agricultural Commodities (bullion, metals, oil, etc.): 10:00 a.m. to 11:30 p.m. IST
IPOs
Investing in IPOs has become a lot easier, without any hassle and paperwork.
No need to worry about a refund if shares are not allotted with the Application Supported by Blocked Amount (ASBA) Facility.
3-in-1 Account FAQs
Expand All
|
Collapse All
What is a 3-in-1 Account?
ICICI Bank and ICICIdirect, together offer a unique 3-in-1 Online Trading Account, which integrates your Demat Account, Trading Account and Savings Account to provide a secure and a seamless investment experience.
What are the advantages of a 3-in-1 Account?
The 3-in-1 Trading Account gives you the convenience of opening a Demat Account, Trading Account and Savings Account together. Trade in Shares, Futures and Options, invest in Mutual Funds, IPOs and Life Insurance through our seamless and secure 3-in-1 online Trading Account.
Integrates your Savings, Trading and Demat Accounts
Single window for all your investment needs
Accessible through multiple platforms for trading, like the web, mobile and Call-N-Trade, where you can place orders over the phone
Distinguished brokerage plans for various products
E-ATM - Get money credited to your Bank Account within 5 minutes of selling shares
Buy now, pay later - Never miss a stock investment opportunity
What are the features of a Trading Account?
Seamless Trading: You can trade in shares without going through the hassle of tracking settlement cycles, writing cheques and transfer instructions
Security: Instead of transferring money to a broker's pool or towards deposits, you can manage your own Demat Account and Savings Account when you trade through ICICIdirect.com. It provides you with the flexibility to pay only when you trade
Wide range of products: Share trading on both NSE and BSE, provides offerings like - Margin, Margin Plus, Buy Today Sell Tomorrow (BTST). Derivatives Trading, Mutual Funds and IPOs
Control: Be assured that your order will be precisely placed for the amount you wanted without any deviation, giving you full control of your money and your trades
Tracking and review: Monitoring your investment is as important, if not more, as making that investment. Our portfolio tracker and watch list, along with SMS alerts will always keep you updated on the status of your investments with us and you can act on them as and when required
Research tool: iLens is a smarter way to access the market every day. It can help you identify stocks based on pre-defined conditions or trends as per your requirement
How do you start online investments?
After opening a Trading Account, you need to have some balance in your Savings Account linked with your Trading Account and you will have to choose a brokerage plan like the Prime plan.
What is the difference between a Demat Account and a Trading Account?
The key difference between a Demat Account and a Trading Account is that a Demat Account is used to hold your securities, such as share certificates and other documents in electronic formats, whereas a Trading Account is used for buying and selling these securities in the stock market. The combination of a Trading Account, Demat Account and Savings Account is known as a 3-in-1 Account in the stock market.
What are the charges for opening an ICICIdirect 3-in-1 Account, which includes a Demat Account, a Trading Account and a Savings Account?
There are no charges for opening a Demat Account and Trading Account but for the maintenance of the Accounts, there are multiple prime plans available for the customer to choose from.
There are no Annual Maintenance Charges (AMCs) for a Demat Account in the first year. However, a charge of ₹700 (excluding taxes) is levied from the 2nd year onwards. If the Demat Account is opened under the Basic Services Demat Account (BSDA), no AMCs are levied for holding a value of up to ₹4,00,000.
T&Cs.
VIEW MORE
Scroll To Top
About Us
Awards & Recognition
Media Center
Investor Relations
Overview
Tools & Calculators
Fixed Deposit Calculator
Personal Loan EMI Calculator
Home Loan EMI Calculator
Car Loan EMI Calculator
Mutual Fund Calculator
SIP Calculator
Education Loan EMI Calculator
Retirement Calculator
Two Wheeler Loan EMI Calculator
NPS Calculator
PPF Calculator
Regulatory Information
Safe Banking
RBI Awareness Campaign
RBI: Beware of Fictitious Offers
RBI Kehta Hai
Regulatory Disclosure Section
Customer Literature on NPAs and SMAs
Regulatory Disclosure Section 2025
RBI-UDGAM Portal (Unclaimed Deposits Gateway to Access Information)
Customer Service
Contact Us
Customer Care
Report Unauthorized Transactions
Form Center
Raise a Service Request
Report Suspicious Activities
Complaints and Grievance Redressal
Complaint Form
Central Know Your Customer (CKYC)
List of Unclaimed Accounts
Inoperative/Dormant Accounts
Popular Products & Services
Savings Account
Current Account
Fixed Deposit
Money Transfer
Credit Cards
Personal Loan
Home Loan
Car Loan
Mutual Fund
Debt Management Services
Education Loan
Two Wheeler Loan
FASTAG
National Pension System
Public Provident Fund
Loan on Credit Card
Loan Against Property
Ways to Bank
Digital Banking
Mobile Banking
Internet Banking
iMobile
WhatsApp Banking
Pockets
Ask iPal
ATMs and Branches
ICICI Bank Group Websites
ICICI Foundation
ICICI Lombard General Insurance
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
ICICI Prudential AMC
ICICI Venture
ICICI Direct
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Ltd
ICICI Home Finance
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited
Explore
Interest Rates
Forex Rates
Service Charges and Fees
Account Activation Process
Important Information Related to Digital Lending
Other
Career Opportunities
Do Not Call Registry
Customer Service Policies
Business Conduct and Ethics
Use of Unparliamentary Language by Customers
Fair Practice Code for Lenders
Multilingual Disclaimer
Sitemap
Customer Care
1800 1080
1800 1080
Get Social
Install iMobile
ICICI Bank Ltd is registered with
DICGC
Terms and conditions
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Copyright 2025. All Rights Reserved
Your cookie settings
These cookies are essential for you to browse the website and use its features. These cookies are essential for website to function and make sure you are able to browse seamlessly. They are used for faster loading and effective representation of information on it, enabling our site to function as intended.
These cookies are used to recognise you when you return to the site. This enables us to remember your preferences and also let us monitor how our website is performing. These cookies collect information, such as, number of visitors on the website, how visitors were directed to the website and the pages they have visited. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone. If you do not allow performance cookies then some or all areas of website may not function properly.
Targeting cookies helps in providing a more personalized experience. The intention is to display offers that are relevant and engaging for the user.
Confirm your settings
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to improve and personalize your browsing experience. Click Accept to continue else click Manage to change your preferences. By continuing to browse this website, you allow the use of mandatory cookies.
Manage
OK