FASTag: Buy NETC FASTag Online for Cashless Toll Payments
Try our new website for a faster, fresher, and smarter banking experience.
Old
Old Version
New
New Version
Open/Close Website Toggle Widget
Explore the new ICICI Bank website!
Designed for a simple, fast and personalised banking experience.
Explore Now
Personal
NRI
Business
Corporate
Investor Relations
Annual Reports
Investor Presentation
Quarterly Results
Notice
Investor Contact
About Us
ICICI Group Companies
Board of Directors
Media Center
Awards & Recognition
Environment, Social and Governance
Ways to Bank
Digital Banking
Mobile Banking
Internet Banking
iMobile
WhatsApp Banking
Pockets
Ask iPal
ATMs and Branches
India
Gift City India
Bahrain
Canada
China
Germany
Hong Kong
Singapore
UK
US
DIFC-UAE
Europe
Customer Services
Contact Us
Customer Care
Track Applications / Service Requests
New
Form Center
Online Assist
Feedback
Service Requests
Raise a Query
Complaints
FAQs
Report Suspicious Behaviour
Report Unauthorized Transaction
Complaints
logo-image logo-india
Customer Care Number
18001080
Login
Log on to
Internet banking
Personal
NRI Banking
Corporate
Commercial Card
Money2World
Money2India
New User
21
Offers especially for you!
Open an Insta Save Account.
No Paperwork, No Branch Visits, No Hassle!
Open Now
Know More
ICICI Bank Credit Cards
Save more on your everyday expenses.
Get a Credit Card
Know More
ICICI Bank Personal Loans
For your safe, comfortable, and convenient travel needs
Apply Personal Loan
Know More
ICICI Bank Home Loans
The key to your Dream Home, within easy reach
Avail Home Loan Now
Know More
Campus Power - from a dream to a degree, with you at every step.
Solutions for student, parents and institutes.
Know More
Just getting returns on your investment?
Save Tax too, while you build your corpus!
Open NPS Account Now
Know More
Manage all your utility bills, smartly.
Pay bills easily, using Internet Banking.
Pay Know
Know More
ICICI Bank Two-Wheeler Loan
Get your dream bike now!
Get Your Dream Bike
Know More
ICICI Bank FD
Choose certainity during uncertain times.
Invest Now In FD
Know More
ICICI Bank PPF Account
A blessing for wealth creation is here for you!
Open a PPF Account, Now
Know More
Your guide to Personal Finance
A refreshing way to learn all about Personal Finance.
Read Now
All it takes is 5 minutes!
Instant payout on selling shares, with the ICICIdirect Prime Account.
Open an account now
Know More
ICICI Bank Car Loan
Experience a seamless Car Loan process!
Apply Now
Accounts
Savings Account
Salary Account
Get the best from
ICICI Bank.
Open a Savings Account for seamless payments & transactions.
APPLY NOW
Deposits
Fixed Deposit
Recurring Deposit
iWish - Goal Based Savings
View All Deposits
Dream it, achieve it!
FDs offer stable returns for all your dreams.
INVEST IN AN FD
Payments
Money Transfer
UPI
Forex Services
Overdue Loan Payment
Credit Card Bill Payment
Tax Payment
Bill Payments & Recharges
Contactless Payments
E-wallet
FastTag
Shop without your wallet!
Use your mobile
Open the iMobile app
Click on ‘Scan any QR’
Scan & Pay instantly!
T&Cs.
Use iMobile
Cards
Credit Cards
Manage Standing Instructions
Mandate Hub FAQ's
Mandate Hub User Guide
Debit Cards
Upgrade Debit Card
Manage Standing Instructions
Mandate Hub FAQ's
Mandate Hub User Guide
Forex Cards
Choose your card
Benefits of Forex card
FAQ's
Prepaid Cards
Transit Cards
Commercial Cards
Loan on Credit Card
Explore Now to Elevate Your Financial Journey
Refresh your finances with a fulfilling credit card from ICICI Bank.
Explore Now
Loans
Personal Loan
Home Loans
Car Loan
Two Wheeler Loan
Education Loan
Gold Loan
Loans against Securities
Loan against Shares
Loan against Mutual Funds
Loan against Property
Agri & Rural Loans
Smart Loans
View All Loans
Home Loans
Just 5 simple steps to realising your dream home with ICICI Bank Express Home Loans. T&C apply.
Apply Now
Investments
Mutual Funds (SIP)
3-in-1 Account (Invest in stocks)
Demat Account
Apply for IPOs
Bonds
National Pension System
Public Provident Fund
Gold Monetisation Scheme
Government Schemes
Manage Personal Finance
View All Investments
Mutual Funds (SIP)
Choose from thousands of schemes from leading fund houses and invest in an SIP instantly to start your wealth creation journey with ICICI Bank.
Invest Now
Insurance
Life Insurance
Health Insurance
Vehicle Insurance/ Motor Insurance
Travel Insurance
Government Schemes
View All Insurances
Life Insurance
With our affordable and flexible term plan, ensure your family is financially secured at different stages of life.
Insure Your Loved Ones
iShop
Special Services
Private Banking
Wealth Management
Family 360° Banking
Campus Power
Retirement Planning
Senior Citizen Solutions
An exclusive invite!
Your family and you can enjoy Offers across Loans, Cards, Demat & more with our Privilege Banking Programme. Visit your nearest branch to enrol today. T&Cs.
Apply Now
Knowledge Hub
Videos (iPlay)
Blogs (The Orange Hub)
Calculators
Life Stages
NRI Edge (NEW Launch)
Home Buyers Guide
Speak of the Week
NRI Edge
A one-stop knowledge hub for NRI banking and finance in India. T&Cs.
Visit Now
Home
Personal Banking
Cards
Prepaid Cards
FASTag
ORANGE HUB
PLAN RETIREMENT
DIY Stack
GET A CALL BACK
Want us to help you with anything?
Request a Call back
This field is required
Only alphabetes are allowed
This field is required
Only alphabetes are allowed
Please enter valid number
Please enter valid email
Auto Loan
Personal Loan
Home Loan
Credit Card
Insta SIP
Mutual Funds
Money Coach
ELSS
Savings Account
Two Wheeler Loan
Please select product type
Please enter valid pincode
Submit
Thank you for your request.
Your reference number is
CRM
Our executive will contact you shortly
FASTag
Benefits
KYV
Point of Sale Locations
Fees and Charges
Recharge
KYC
FAQs
More
Active Toll Plazas
Fuel Payments
Disclaimer
UPLOAD RC AND UPDATE VRN
Contact Us
Want us to help you with anything?
Request a Call back
This field is required
Only alphabetes are allowed
This field is required
Only alphabetes are allowed
Select
Please select a country
Please enter valid number
Please enter valid email
Please select product
type
Please select product
type
Please enter valid pincode
Thank you for your request.
Your reference number is
CRM 786578956
Our executive will contact you shortly
Sorry! Please check back in a few minutes as an error has occurred.
FAS
Tag Online
FASTag is a prepaid tag for vehicles that enables automatic toll payments on highways, reducing wait times and allowing cashless travel. FASTag from ICICI Bank is a rechargeable tag that makes your road trips more enjoyable. With this tag affixed securely on your vehicle, you can bid goodbye to long queues at toll plazas. FASTag helps you pay toll charges electronically, so that you can skip the hassle of paying toll physically at toll plazas.
New Customer
Existing Customer
Concessionaire Login
FASTag Benefits
Saves Fuel
And Time
SMS Alerts For
Transactions
Online
Recharge
No Need To
Carry Cash
Purchase FASTag
Web Portal For Customers
Saves Fuel And Time
FASTag is read by the tag reader when the vehicle approaches the toll plaza and the toll amount is deducted automatically. A vehicle with FASTag doesn't need to stop at the toll plaza for paying toll by cash, which makes the experience seamless and quick. With FASTag's automated toll deduction feature, you not only reduce your travel time but also save fuel.
SMS Alerts For Transactions
You receive SMS alerts on your registered mobile numbers for all transactions made in your FASTag account.
Online Recharge
FASTag can be easily
recharged online
through your FASTag service provider's website or mobile app. Add money to your FASTag account using various payment methods like Credit Cards, Debit Cards, Internet Banking or digital wallets. The balance in your FASTag account can be used for payments at toll plazas and even for parking and fuel payments.
No Need To Carry Cash
Having a FASTag eliminates the need to carry cash for toll payments. This increases convenience and security and makes your journeys hassle-free and worry-free.
Purchase FASTag Online Or Through Mobile App
You can purchase FASTag on the ICICI Bank website- just
click
here
and fill in your details. Your RFID tag will be delivered for free at your doorstep.
You can also apply for FASTag through the iMobile app.
Web Portal For Customers
You can access your FASTag statement by logging into the
FASTag portal
.
Avail Of Monthly Pass Online
A monthly FASTag pass is a great choice for people who pass through toll plazas on a regular basis. You can effortlessly buy and renew this pass online using the digital interface provided by your FASTag provider. Follow the steps below to get the monthly pass online:
Click here
to log in to customer portal.
Go to ‘View tag account summary’ page
Under ‘Vehicle’ tab, select ‘Pass’
STEPS FOR FASTAG USE:
01.
Affix the tag on your vehicle*
02.
Maintain sufficient balance in your Prepaid Account**
03.
Zip through toll plazas without stopping to pay cash
*Remove the adhesive strip and attach the tag carefully in the centre of your vehicle’s front windshield- from the inside, just behind the rearview mirror/camera. Once the FASTag has been fixed on the windshield, do not take it out as it may damage the magnetic stripe. Do not use sellotape or any other adhesives to attach the FASTag to your vehicle.
**The applicable toll amount will be automatically deducted from your Account.
To recharge FASTag, log in with your details.
Expand All
|
Collapse All
About FASTag
FASTag is an easy-to-use, reloadable tag that is affixed on your vehicle's windscreen. It enables automatic deduction of toll charges, so you can pass through toll plazas without stopping to pay the fees manually. FASTag is linked to a prepaid account from which the applicable toll amounts are deducted.
The tag makes use of Radio-Frequency Identification (RFID) technology to ensure that the relevant charges are automatically deducted from your prepaid account. So, you see, FASTag is the perfect solution on India’s national highways.
Step for FASTAG use
Purchase FASTag through ICICI Bank iMobile App
Login to ICICI Bank iMobile App
Enter the 4 digit pin received on your mobile
Select the Shop Tab on the Homescreen and select the FASTag icon
Enter and confirm your vehicle’s registration number
Select the make and model of your vehicle
Read and tick the Terms and Conditions box and tap on Proceed
Enter the delivery address and email id
Select the account from where the amount will be debited and tap on Proceed
Check the pre-confirmation page to make sure all the details are correct and tap on Proceed
This will complete the process of buying a FASTag.
Purchase FASTag through ICICI Bank Internet Banking
ICICI Bank Internet Banking
Go to Payments and Transfers
Click on Buy/Recharge FASTag
Under the Purchase tab, enter your vehicle’s registration number, and the make and model of your vehicle
Enter the delivery address
Select the account to be debited and tick the T&C box and Proceed
Check the pre-confirmation page to make sure all the details are correct and tap on Proceed
Check your Payment summary and confirm the transaction
Your FASTag will soon be delivered to the address mentioned.
NETC | FASTag
National Electronic Toll Collection (NETC) programme has been launched by NPCI, NHAI and IHMCL to automate electronic toll collection to ease out traffic woes and create an efficient and interoperable system on a national scale covering all toll plazas.
The Government of India (GOI) has mandated all toll plazas on the national highways to make toll payments electronic. According to the GOI plans, FASTag will be made compulsory on other toll plazas subsequently. Following this mandate, all vehicles travelling through toll plazas will now have to mandatorily pay their toll charges using FASTag. Many parking places in the country are also implementing contactless toll payment through FASTag.
NETC programme uses FASTag device that employs RFID technology, for making electronic toll payment directly from the prepaid account linked to it. Currently the programme is live on 650+ toll plazas across the country. FASTag offers the convenience of cashless payments along with other benefits like savings on fuel and time as the customer does not have to stop at the toll plazas.
ICICI Bank FASTag programme is part of NETC initiative rolled out by NPCI under the guidelines of NHAI and IHMCL.
ICICI Bank’s FASTag programme is easy to use and is a part of the NETC initiative rolled out by the NPCI under the guidelines of the NHAI and the IHMCL
The NETC programme uses a FASTag device that employs RFID technology, for making electronic toll payments directly from the prepaid account linked to it.
Currently the programme is live on 650+ toll plazas across the country.
FASTag offers the convenience of cashless payments along with other benefits like savings on fuel and time so that the customer does not have to stop at the toll plazas.
The tag makes use of Radio-Frequency Identification (RFID) technology to ensure that the relevant charges are automatically deducted from your prepaid account.
Features and functionalities of the National Electronic Toll Collection (NETC) FASTag
By using FASTag you can skip the hassle of long queues at toll plazas.
This not only reduces your travel time but also the unnecessary fuel consumption caused by waiting in the queue.
Using FASTag leads to a cost efficient and environmentally friendly travel experience.
FASTag Validity
FASTag is valid for 5 years. After purchasing, you only need to recharge/ top up the tag as per your usage.
Customer Care and Grievance Redressal
ICICI Bank offers 24X7 Customer Care for assistance with FASTag-related issues.
Toll-Free Number: 1800 2100 104
Chargeable Number: 1860 2670 104
View More
Apply for Car, Jeep and Light Motor Vehicle (LMV) class only.
To know more about FASTag, please call our 24 * 7 customer care @ Toll Free Number: 1800 2100 104 (Chargeable Number:1860 2670 104) FASTag is a product/ solution promoted by the following agencies : MORTH, NHAI, IHMCL and NPCI. You can also log in to
ICICI Bank Internet Banking
/iMobile/InstaBIZ/Pockets app with your credentials to apply for FASTag.
FASTag FAQs
Expand All
|
Collapse All
What is FASTag?
FASTag is an easy-to-use, reloadable tag that is affixed to your vehicle's windscreen. It enables automatic deduction of toll charges, so you can pass through toll plazas without stopping to pay toll manually. FASTag is linked to a prepaid account from which the applicable toll amounts are deducted.
The tag makes use of Radio-Frequency Identification (RFID) technology to ensure that the relevant charges are automatically deducted from your prepaid account.
How can I recharge my FASTag online?
You can recharge your FASTag account by making a payment through cheque or online through Internet Banking or iMobile.
For customers whose KYC is complete, the FASTag account recharge limit is ₹ 1,00,000. For customers whose KYC documents have not been received, the recharge limit is ₹ 10,000.
Click here
to know more.
What is FASTag Customer Care number?
ICICI Bank FASTag Customer Care Numbers:
Toll-Free Number: 1800 2100 104
Chargeable Number: 1860 2670 104
What are the benefits of using FASTag?
Here are the key benefits of using FASTag:
Save fuel and time: Streamline your travel with automatic toll payments. Reduce fuel consumption and waiting time at toll plazas
Receive SMS alerts: Stay informed with instant SMSes for all FASTag transactions
Easy online recharge: Conveniently top up your FASTag balance online- anytime, anywhere
Cashless transactions: Enjoy the convenience of cashless toll payments, eliminating the need to carry cash
Simple purchase process: Purchase your FASTag online with ease
Customer web portal: Get access to a dedicated web portal to manage your FASTag account and transactions.
What documents are required to get a FASTag?
Here are the documents required to get a FASTag:
Vehicle Registration Certificate
Vehicle owner’s passport-size photograph
KYC documents for address and identity proof (PAN Card, Driving Licence and Passport)
Duly filled application form
All the documents should be in the vehicle owner's name. If the vehicle owner is absent during the application, the driver can submit his/her own documents.
How do I check the balance in my FASTag account?
Follow the below steps to view the balance of your FASTag using the iMobile app:
1. Log into iMobile
2. Go to the ‘Bill Pay, Recharge & FASTag’ section
3. Select ‘FASTag’
4. You can see your FASTag balance at the top.
What should I do if my FASTag isn’t working at a toll booth?
If you face any issues with your ICICI Bank FASTag, call ICICI Bank FASTag Customer Care at 1800-2100-104. We will assist you in resolving the problem.
VIEW ALL FAQ
VIEW MORE
FASTag Related Blogs
How To Upload RC in FASTag Account?
2 Months Ago
Share
Copy
NETC FASTag Status: How to Track FASTag Application Status
9 Months Ago
Share
Copy
How to Deactivate FASTag Account and Get a Refund
9 Months Ago
Share
Copy
FASTag Benefits: Save Time, Fuel, and Simplify Toll Payments
9 Months Ago
Share
Copy
What is NHAI FASTag? | Complete Guide to Electronic Toll Payments
9 Months Ago
Share
Copy
VIEW ALL BLOGS
Related Videos
How to recharge ICICI Bank FASTag online
Share
Check ICICI Bank FASTag balance and Recharge through UPI
Share
Payment using ICICI Bank FASTag through HP Pay App
Share
Pay for toll, fuel and parking with FASTag
Share
KYV verification for ICICI FASTag
Share
View all Videos
Scan to download iMobile
Scroll To Top
About Us
Awards & Recognition
Media Center
Investor Relations
Overview
Tools & Calculators
Fixed Deposit Calculator
Personal Loan EMI Calculator
Home Loan EMI Calculator
Car Loan EMI Calculator
Mutual Fund Calculator
SIP Calculator
Education Loan EMI Calculator
Retirement Calculator
Two Wheeler Loan EMI Calculator
NPS Calculator
PPF Calculator
Regulatory Information
Safe Banking
RBI Awareness Campaign
RBI: Beware of Fictitious Offers
RBI Kehta Hai
Regulatory Disclosure Section
Customer Literature on NPAs and SMAs
Regulatory Disclosure Section 2025
RBI-UDGAM Portal (Unclaimed Deposits Gateway to Access Information)
Customer Service
Contact Us
Customer Care
Report Unauthorized Transactions
Form Center
Raise a Service Request
Report Suspicious Activities
Complaints and Grievance Redressal
Complaint Form
Central Know Your Customer (CKYC)
List of Unclaimed Accounts
Inoperative/Dormant Accounts
Popular Products & Services
Savings Account
Current Account
Fixed Deposit
Money Transfer
Credit Cards
Personal Loan
Home Loan
Car Loan
Mutual Fund
Debt Management Services
Education Loan
Two Wheeler Loan
FASTAG
National Pension System
Public Provident Fund
Loan on Credit Card
Loan Against Property
Ways to Bank
Digital Banking
Mobile Banking
Internet Banking
iMobile
WhatsApp Banking
Pockets
Ask iPal
ATMs and Branches
ICICI Bank Group Websites
ICICI Foundation
ICICI Lombard General Insurance
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
ICICI Prudential AMC
ICICI Venture
ICICI Direct
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Ltd
ICICI Home Finance
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited
Explore
Interest Rates
Forex Rates
Service Charges and Fees
Account Activation Process
Important Information Related to Digital Lending
Other
Career Opportunities
Do Not Call Registry
Customer Service Policies
Business Conduct and Ethics
Use of Unparliamentary Language by Customers
Fair Practice Code for Lenders
Multilingual Disclaimer
Sitemap
Customer Care
1800 1080
1800 1080
Get Social
Install iMobile
ICICI Bank Ltd is registered with
DICGC
Terms and conditions
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Code of Commitment
Copyright 2025. All Rights Reserved
Your cookie settings
These cookies are essential for you to browse the website and use its features. These cookies are essential for website to function and make sure you are able to browse seamlessly. They are used for faster loading and effective representation of information on it, enabling our site to function as intended.
These cookies are used to recognise you when you return to the site. This enables us to remember your preferences and also let us monitor how our website is performing. These cookies collect information, such as, number of visitors on the website, how visitors were directed to the website and the pages they have visited. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone. If you do not allow performance cookies then some or all areas of website may not function properly.
Targeting cookies helps in providing a more personalized experience. The intention is to display offers that are relevant and engaging for the user.
Confirm your settings
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to improve and personalize your browsing experience. Click Accept to continue else click Manage to change your preferences. By continuing to browse this website, you allow the use of mandatory cookies.
Manage
OK